messages: document use (#151)
wmde/wikibase-termbox: docs/i18n.md

This project outputs HTML in which user interface elements are localized to suite the user's preference.

Language-specific content is organized in **messages** that can be retrieved using their **keys**.

To avoid redundant record keeping with [messages already existing inside mediawiki/wikibase](https://gerrit.wikimedia.org/r/plugins/gitiles/mediawiki/extensions/Wikibase/+/master/repo/i18n/), this project explicitly only deals with the keys, importing the message values from there.

## Available messages

Not all messages existing in mediawiki/wikibase are automatically known to this project. To be able to use a message, make sure to add it to [`MessageKeys`](src/common/MessageKeys.ts).

## Messages in components

Messages can be used inside component templates by using the [Messages mixin](src/components/mixins/Messages.ts).

> Components should specify the keys they require access to (via e.g. `this.setMessageKeys( [ ALIAS_SEPARATOR, ... ] )` ), and can then use them inside the template (via e.g. `messages.ALIAS_SEPARATOR`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components can use messages in their templates by using the `message` method, and the `messageKeys` property provided by the mixin, e.g. `message( messageKeys.ALIAS_SEPARATOR )`.
```
